Add documentation for contracts.borrow (#2216)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/contracts.mdx

### Getting a Deployed Contract

> A deployed contract can be gotten from an account using the `get` function:

Reviewer: What is the difference between getting and borrowing?

let contract = signer.contracts.get(name: "Test")
```

### Borrowing a Deployed Contract

> A reference to a deployed contract contract can obtained using the `borrow` function:

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a remark mentioning that this is the "dynamic" variant of the static imports. i.e: in a way they are "dynamic imports".
Also maybe some pros of it: the contract would be imported only if the execution path was hit (e.g: selective importing).

  ```cadence
  fun borrow<T: &Any>(name: String): T?
  ```

  This returns a reference to the contract value stored with that name on the account, if it exists, and if it has
  the provided type `T`. 

  Returns `nil` if no contract/contract interface with the given name exists in the account.

> For example, assuming that a contract named `Test` is deployed to an account with type `TestContract`, the contract can be retrieved as follows:
> 
> ```cadence
> let signer: AuthAccount = ...
> let contract: &TestContract = signer.contracts.borrow<&TestContract>(name: "Test")
> ```

Reviewer 2: Might be more clear to emphasize that `TestContract` is actually an interface to which the `Test` contract conforms to. 
```suggestion
For example, assuming that a contract named `Test` which conforms to the `TestInterface` interface is deployed to an account, the contract can be retrieved as follows:

```cadence
let signer: AuthAccount = ...
let contract: &TestInterface = signer.contracts.borrow<&TestInterface>(name: "Test")
```
```

let contract = signer.contracts.get(name: "Test")
```

### Borrowing a Deployed Contract

In contrast to a static contract import `import T from 0x1`, 
which will always perform an import of a type, 
contracts can be "borrowed" to effectively perform a dynamic import dependent on a specific execution path. 

A reference to a deployed contract contract can obtained using the `borrow` function:

  ```cadence
  fun borrow<T: &Any>(name: String): T?
  ```

  This returns a reference to the contract value stored with that name on the account, 

>   if it exists, and if it has the provided type `T`. 

Reviewer: I assume it is possible to just provide the name of the contract as the type if it doesn't conform to an interface, right? It would be good to clarify that here
